hello everybody today I'm going to show
you my Fiat electric accent LED bulb
this is a flame shaped bulb my socket
just fell to the ground anyway as you
can tell it's clear I got this at Walley
world for three dollars on clearance
they certainly have a lot of these LED
bulbs on clearance but so I'll pick up
the cheap ones but some of them are
still quite expensive anyway here's the
front of the package information the
back all this other baloney
so already cut it open not very fancy
hopefully it will open there you go
don't leave this package anymore so
seems like it's plastic and that's
plastic of course we have three LEDs on
each side of this triangle pyramid
whatever two watts and that's all that's
on it for the information at least
obviously there's more than two watts
but I don't feel like reading all that
other baloney so there's a bulb itself
they did not have a frosted version or
else I would have picked one of those up
because I really wanted one in the
candelabra base like this but put it in
here let's turn off these lights and
turn it on this is a socket that has
problem so we probably will have
problems turning it on come on work
today there we go so you can see LEDs on
each side
I would say because there's no frosting
on the bulb that it does equal a 25 watt
bulb like I believe it said on the
package but let's see I'll hold it up by
the camera here so you can see how well
it lights up the surface but it does
equal 25 watts I would say a frosted
version probably still the same but more
toward the 15 watt range so anyway
there's my Fiat electric flame shaped
clear candelabra based bulb also please
comment rate and subscribe and thank you
very much for watching